# app-dev
My first repository

**Demon Slayer: Kimetsu no Yaiba (鬼滅の刃, Kimetsu no Yaiba, rgh. "Blade of Demon Destruction")**
   - is a Japanese manga series written and illustrated by Koyoharu Gotouge. It was serialized in Shueisha's shōnen manga magazine Weekly Shōnen Jump from February 2016 to May 2020, with its chapters collected in 23 tankōbon volumes. It has been published in English by Viz Media and simultaneously on the Manga Plus platform by Shueisha. It follows teenage Tanjiro Kamado, who joins the Demon Slayer Corps after his family is slaughtered and the sole survivor, his younger sister Nezuko, is turned into a demon, in the hopes of turning her human again and defeating the demon king Muzan Kibutsuji.

1. *Final Selection Arc*
   - Tanjiro Kamado and his sister Nezuko Kamado are introduced as the main protagonists of the series. The Kamado Family was slain by the Demons and Nezuko also turned into a demon. This series of events plunges Tanjiro on a journey to avenge his family and restore his sister’s human form. In order to carry out his mission, Tanjiro had to become a Demon Slayer. Giyu Tomioka sent the Kamado brothers to stay with his teacher, Sakonji Urokodaki. Sakonji took them with him and trained Tanjiro to become a swordsman. During the two years that Tanjiro mastered the Water Breathing Style, Nezuko fell into a deep sleep. During his training, he encountered the spirits of two former disciples of Sakonji. They trained Tanjiro and gave him the strength of all Sakonji’s former disciples. Thanks to this, Tanjiro was qualified for the Final Selection for the Demon Slayer Corps. On Mount Fujikasane, where the Final Selection was held, a demon lived who killed thirteen of Sakonji’s disciples. Makomo and Sabito believed that Tanjiro was the one who could avenge Sakonji’s students. Tanjiro encountered the demon and struggled to overcome the demon’s power. However, with the guidance of spirits close to his heart, Tanjiro defeated the beast. Tanjiro and four other students were the only survivors of the Final Selection for seven days. They received the lowest rank of Demon Slayer, and each took a Nichirin Sword ore with them. With Sakonji returning home, Tanjiro found Nezuko awake. Nezuko hugged him, and he and Sakonji, who was glad that one of his students survived, were reunited three years later. Days later, Tanjiro’s sword was handed over to him by a sword smith, and the sword turned black as he held it. Shortly after, he received his first assignment order.

2. *First Mission Arc*
   - Now a member of the Demon Slayer Corps, Tanjiro travels with Nezuko to a town in the northwest, where girls disappear every night. His first mission is to track down and neutralize the demon who kidnapped the girls. In the latest kidnapping case, a young man named Kazumi is accused of allowing his fiancee to disappear. With Kazumi’s help, Tanjiro tracks down a shape-shifted demon with the ability to open a portal to his own secret swamp. With a small amount of drugs from Sakonji, Nezuko helps Tanjiro protect the people. Tanjiro plunges into the kidnappers’ swamp and uses his training from Mount Sagiri to defeat two of the three demons there. He questions the third and final Demon and learns that Muzan Kibutsuji is somehow connected to all these events. Tanjiro learns that Muzan was the one who murdered the Kamado Family and turned his sister into a Demon. Tanjiro says goodbye to Kazumi, who learns that he has lost people, just like his fiancee. Soon after, Tanjiro gets his next assignment.

3. *Asakusa Arc*
   - Tanjiro travels to Asakusa, Tokyo for his second assignment for the Demon Slayer Corps. The big city of Tokyo is unusual for a village boy. He is tasked with investigating the demon problem in the area, but even at the start of his quest, Tanjiro smells a very familiar scent. He rushes through the crowded streets in a hurry and finds Muzan Kibutsuji, who seems like a family man. To get out of this situation, Muzan transforms a human into a Demon and escapes with his family while Tanjiro takes care of the new demon. This event attracts the attention of Miss Tamayo and a young boy named Yushiro. They fix the problem and take Tanjiro to a secret house where Tamayo, a demon doctor, treats patients. Yushiro is also a demon and together they are trying to defeat Muzan. Meanwhile, Muzan is enraged by Tanjiro’s outward appearance as it reminds him of a similar Demon Slayer from the past. He orders two of his supporters, Susamaru and Yahaba, to bring Tanjiro’s head. Tamayo and Tanjiro agree to produce a cure for demons by working on the blood of Nezuko and demons close to Muzan. Lord Muzan’s assassins disrupt the meeting, claiming to be members of the Twelve Kizuki, and using Temari and Arrow spells to launch a furious attack on the house. While the others play handball to the death with the Temari Demon, Tanjiro takes care of the Arrow Demon. Tanjiro manages to defeat Yahaba by combining many forms of Water Breath, but the result of the fight is pestle. Nezuko and Yushiro were able to stall Susamaru, but eventually their strength was insufficient. To end the growing problem, Tamayo uses a spell that triggers Muzan’s curse inside Susamaru. The Temari Demon falls victim to this curse and dies, leaving a scar on Tanjiro’s head. After the fight, Tamayo and Yushiro decide to leave the area. Nezuko saw both as human families and was attracted to Tamayo and Yushiro. They say goodbye and Tanjiro leaves the city for his next mission in the south-southeast.

